docs: add errors page (#545)
stoplightio/prism: docs/guides/errors.md

# Errors

> All the errors that Prism returns conform to the [RFC7807](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807). In a nutshell, this means that you'll always get a **JSON object** with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the errors that Prism returns conform to [RFC7807](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807) - Problem Details for HTTP APIs, which means you'll always get a **JSON object** with the following properties:
```

* `type` (string)
* `title` (string)
* `status` (number)
* `detail` (string)

> This document enumerates all the possible errors returned by Prism and provides some further informations on how to solve them.

Reviewer 2: `informations` -> `information`

> This document enumerates all the possible errors returned by Prism and provides some further informations on how to solve them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document enumerates all the possible errors returned by Prism and provides some further information on how to solve them.
```

## Routing errors

> This class of error is returned when Prism is trying to identify the right resource to use to respond to the provided HTTP Request.

Reviewer 2: `error` -> `errors`

> ### NO_BASE_URL_ERROR

Reviewer: Does this generate an automatic ID for us that we can link to? `#NO_BASE_URL_ERROR` or does docs make it all pretty like `#no-base-url-error`? 

If this does not work as expected, we can do:

```
### <a id="NO_BASE_URL_ERROR"></a>No Base URL Error
```

Author: It will generate an anchor link we can use.

> #### Message: Attempted to make a request to a server but neither baseUrl param provided nor servers defined in the spec.

Reviewer 2: `but neither baseUrl param was provided nor servers were`?

Author: @philsturgeon Help!

> #### Message: Attempted to make a request to a server but neither baseUrl param provided nor servers defined in the spec.

Reviewer: Can we avoid long titles? This could just be bold.

> **Message: Attempted to make a request to a server but neither baseUrl param provided nor servers defined in the spec**

Reviewer 2: Hm.. I still feel like this line might need `was` and `were` (?)

> #### Returned Status Code: `400`

Reviewer: This doesn’t seem like it’s a header it’s just some more information.

Reviewer: Yeah that’s what I meant. This is content which does not need to be a h4 or hAnything.

**Explanation:** This error occurs when Prism is being used as a proxy and the current document is missing at least a server in the dedicated array (both globally and locally). The proxy functionality is currently disabled in Prism, so this error should never happen.

---

### NO_RESOURCE_PROVIDED_ERROR
**Message: Route not resolved, no resource provided**
#### Returned Status Code: `404`
**Explanation:** This error occurs when the current document does not have any endpoint.

##### Example

```yaml
openapi: 3.0.1
paths:
```

`curl -X POST http://localhost:4010/pets`

---

### NO_PATH_MATCHED_ERROR
**Message: Route not resolved, no path matched**

> #### Returned Status Code: `404`

Reviewer: This error could do with an example as server validation is a little not confusing.

**Explanation:** This error occurs when the current document does not have any endpoint matching the requested URL.

##### Example

```yaml
openapi: 3.0.1
paths:
  /pets:
    get:
      responses:
        200:
          description: Hey
```

`curl -X POST http://localhost:4010/hello`

---

### NO_SERVER_MATCHED_ERROR
**Message: Route not resolved, no server matched**
#### Returned Status Code: `404`

> **Explanation:** This error occurs when the server validation is enabled, and the current request has **not** sent the current server or the provided one is not among the defined in the relative array in the file.

Reviewer: This one could do with an example because server validation is a little confusing.

---

### NO_METHOD_MATCHED_ERROR
**Message: Route resolved, but no path matched**
#### Returned Status Code: `405`
**Explanation:** This error occurs when the current document has an endpoint with the requested URL, but the specified Verb is not listed.

##### Example

```yaml
openapi: 3.0.1
paths:
  /pets:
    get:
      responses:
        200:
          description: Hey
```

`curl -X POST http://localhost:4010/pets`

---

### NO_SERVER_CONFIGURATION_PROVIDED_ERROR
**Message: Route not resolved, no server configuration provided**
#### Returned Status Code: `404`

> **Explanation:**

Reviewer 2: this might need `Explanation` filled

## Validation errors

> This class of error is returned when Prism is validating the request/response against the provided OpenAPI file.

Reviewer 2: `errors`(?)

##### Example

```yaml
openapi: 3.0.2
paths:
  /todos:
    get:
      responses:
        200:
          description: Get Todo Items
          examples:
            text/plain: hello
```

`curl http://localhost:4010/todos -H "accept: application/json"`

---

### NOT_FOUND
**Message: The server cannot find the requested content**
#### Returned Status Code: `404`
**Explanation:** This error occurs when the current request is asking for a specific status code that the document is not listing or it's asking for a specific example that does not exist in the current document

---

## Security errors

This class of errors is returned when the current request is not satisfying the security requirements specified in the current resource

### UNAUTHORIZED
**Message: Invalid security scheme used**
#### Returned Status Code: `401`
**Explanation:** This error occurs when the security scheme for the current resource does not match the one that the one that the request being processed has provided.

---

### FORBIDDEN
**Message: Invalid credentials used**
#### Returned Status Code: `403`

> **Explanation:** This error occurs when the current request is using the correct security scheme, but its content results invalid. This might be an error in the decoding process (such as a not valid base64 payload)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Explanation:** This error occurs when the current request is using the correct security scheme, but its content was invalid. This might be an error in the decoding process (such as a not valid base64 payload)
```
